hey guys shadows Ernest seems like too
much Gears of War hype for a Monday
because the day in this video we're
gonna be talking about the Gears of War
Ultimate Edition including the entire
Gears collection for free available on
Xbox one Xbox one
backwards-compatibility was announced at
e3 2015 and recently I had uploaded the
video talking about how Xbox fans could
vote for their favorite free 60 games to
be playable on Xbox one later this year
well with over a hundred thousand votes
in total across all four games within
the Gears of War franchise they will all
be made available on Xbox one through
backwards-compatibility
for free if you purchase the Gears of
War Ultimate Edition by playing Gears of
War Ultimate ition on Xbox Live from
August 25th through December 31st 2015
you'll get access to the original Gears
of War Gears of War 2 Gears of War free
even Gears of War judgment in
backwards-compatibility when it launches
later this year this means you could
play using a physical copy or a digital
copy of Ultima dition and unlock all of
the other gears of war games for free
not only will all of the gears of all
games be unlockable through playing with
the outs murdering game all four games
will be supported by backwards
compatibility when it launches publicly
meaning if you already own Gears of War
Gears of War 2 Gears of War 3 and Gears
of War Judgment physical disks or
digital versions you'll be able to play
them on your Xbox one anyway and use
some of the Xbox one features like the
built in game DVR capture card finally
the last announcement made with all of
this is that if you are an Xbox one
preview member within the preview
program the original Gears of War 1 will
be available today in
backwards-compatibility mean you'll have
something to play while we wait for
Gears of War Ultimate issues release
later this month please make sure to
leave me a comment down below what you
think about the Gears collection being
available on Xbox one this is an awesome
announcement for the Gears of War human
II as I feel like the Marcus Fenix
collection campaign on the Internet
apart in the past was a success
alongside the Gears of War community
where all of the passion us fans have
for the franchise have made an amazing
looking future for Gears of War I want
to personally say a big thank you to you
and every
single one of you for supporting Gears
of War so they have today's video give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed to
subscribe if you aren't already thanks
for watching and as always I shall see
you on the next one